abandoned no longer session is
I wonder they almost wiped us out
systems on this ship of the most
advanced I've ever seen you seen his
speed we're going barely take us any
time to get to cochon yeah bringing
hundreds of fast as a doormat Cybermen
with us we can't do that we cannot take
Cybermen to the boundary what are our
other options surrender this ship London
on another planet and set the Cybermen
loose there we're gonna keep all that be
safe we're gonna find the doctor and
we're gonna take them Cybermen down
Polygram
yes we are yes totally very much so
there's some high-level self-delusion
none of us are giving up hey not now
glass half-full right
what do you think they're doing down
there let me activate the OP system
I've opened up those containers
[Music]
awaken my soldiers the ascension shall
begin
carrying a Cyberman but makes other
Cybermen
[Music]
don't forget to click below and
subscribe to the official Doctor Who
YouTube channel
[Music]